[Music]
9 mind-blowing riddles that will make
you feel smarter riddles are a great way
to give your brain some much-needed
exercise off-the-beaten-path and it's
not all work either
because there tons of fun so how about
giving your brain a shot at cracking
these mind-bending puzzles
after each riddle you'll have 15 seconds
to figure out the answer if you need
more time just pause the video and don't
worry nobody's gonna accuse you of
cheating I promise it might help to have
a pen and paper around sometimes things
make way more sense when written down
ready set go
number 1 mislabeled there are three
boxes in a room each with a label
explaining the box's contents one is
supposed to have two white balls inside
another should contain two black balls
and the third says that it has one black
ball and one white one however all the
boxes are mislabeled how convenient
you're allowed to open one box take out
one ball to check its color and then put
it back in the box
oh and you can't see the color of the
other ball in the box how many times do
you need to repeat this process to label
all the boxes correctly try to think
outside the box for the next 15 seconds
[Music]
are you ready
then let's compare our answers all you
have to do is open the box labeled black
and white if the labels are all wrong
this box will actually be either black
and black or white and white taking just
one ball out you'll immediately
understand which one it is the rest will
be easy peasy to figure out number two
the water barrel there is a plain old
barrel that seems about half full of
water but you need to figure out if it's
more or less than half-full oh and of
course you're not allowed to use any
measuring devices only your sharp wits
and logical thinking how well can you
eyeball something well that doesn't
matter because it won't help you in this
case 15 seconds to solve this puzzle you
just need to tilt the barrel until the
water touches the upper rim if you see
part of the bottom then the barrel is
less than half-full if the bottom is
completely covered the barrel is more
than half-full that was as easy as
shooting fish in a barrel
number three sugar cubes
you have three empty cups and ten sugar
cubes you need to distribute these sugar
cubes among the cups so that each cup
contains an odd number of cubes
the clocks ticking away oh here's a
small hint employ your lateral thinking
start by putting three sugar cubes in
cup number one and three in cup number
two after that put the remaining four
cubes and cup number two in cup number
three this way cup number one has three
sugar cubes and cup number 2 has 3 as
for cup number three it has seven sugar
cubes four of its own and three from cup
number two
number four picture this you have six
pitchers standing in a row on the table
the first three are filled with water
and the other three are empty you need
to move just one pitcher to arrange them
so that you get a nice full empty full
pattern 15 14 13
[Music]
as with most riddles you have to think
creatively with this one so the only
pitcher that you'll move is the second
one and all you have to do is lift it up
pour the water from it into pitcher
number five and presto there is your
pattern number five a box of marbles you
have a box with different colored
marbles in it all but two of them are
red all but two are blue and all but two
are green how many marbles are there in
the box do you think you're awesome
mathematical skills will help you out on
this one
think again there's no need whatsoever
to grab your calculator there are in
fact just three marbles in the box a
blue one a green one and a red one
number six game time there's a sport
where those who are winning move
backwards while those who are losing
move forward what game could it possibly
be are you sure you need all 15 seconds
to crack this puzzle
yeah alrighty then
it's your favorite childhood pastime tug
of war number seven the boy and his
butter boy was sitting at the table
having some breakfast he then stood up
all of a sudden walked to the window and
threw some butter out of it why on earth
would he do that dang now we just have
to justify people throwing food out of
windows well you have 15 seconds to do
just that okay we're kind of pulling
your leg but this one the boy just
wanted to see a butterfly number eight
the shopping street there are six
buildings on the main street a bakery a
pet store a tattoo parlor a toy store a
tailor shop and a beauty store a
construction worker has to repair all
these buildings within a week
poor guy not to mention his work plans
have been lost so now you have to use
that big brain of yours to figure out in
what order the buildings are arranged
and which ones should be repaired first
now the worker does remember some small
details that might help you out
there's one building between the tattoo
parlor and the place that should be
restored first there are two buildings
between the beauty store and the
tailor's the tailor shop is the last
building on the street the pet store
isn't the first one to be restored there
are two buildings between the toy store
and the tattoo parlor there are three
buildings between the bakery and the
tailor shop the toy store is located
between the building that should be
renovated first and another store so in
what order do the building stand and
which one should be restored first holy
moley you'll definitely want to grab
pen and paper for this one remember that
you have 15 seconds to find the answer
but if that's not enough hit that pause
button according to the riddle the
tailor shop is the last one on the
street the sixth one there are three
buildings between the tailor shop and
the bakery and two buildings between the
tailor's and the beauty store so that
means that the bakery is the second one
and the beauty store is the third there
are two buildings between the toy store
and the tattoo parlor which means they
can either be the first or the second
building that makes the pet store the
fifth y'all still with us hang in there
we know that the toy store is between
two buildings which makes it the fourth
and the tattoo parlor the first so the
order of the buildings on the street is
drumroll please
the tattoo parlor the bakery the beauty
store the toy store the pet store and
the tailor and because the toy store is
located near the building that should be
restored first taking into account the
fact that it's not the pet store the
beauty store is to be repaired first few
number nine a murder mystery Mary and
Ben live with their four friends one day
Ben came home to find Mary dead on the
sofa a detective arrived and
interrogated all four roommates Mia had
been in the kitchen for the past two
hours Jane had been painting upstairs in
her room Jennifer had been swimming in
the pool for the past three hours
and John had been reading a book the
investigating detective asked everyone
to show him their hands he immediately
knew who had lied to him but how did he
figure it out so fast maybe he could
read people's palms like a
fortune-teller or something what's your
idea fifteen seconds to come to a
conclusion here's your answer and it's
surprisingly simple if Jennifer had been
in the pool for so long the skin on her
hands would have been all wrinkly from
the water but when the detective checked
them out they weren't did you manage to
solve at least one riddle tell me in the
comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life